This is the story of Sarah.

Sarah and I met at CTY summer camp the summer before freshman year of high school. At CTY, they met Charles Min and were "dating" (as middle schoolers do, so not real dating). Charles and I lived in the same hall, but other than that small connection, not much interaction between me and Sarah at that time. They were very outgoing and very social, and I was (still am) a very quiet kid. So I pretty much just sat and observed everything. I didn't pay much attention to Sarah at the time since I had a crush on another girl, but I do remember thinking that they were very pretty.

After CTY, Sarah and I randomly started talking after I was tagged in some CTY stuff on Facebook by one of Sarah's hallmates. I was in Taiwan for vacation, and I pretty much had nothing to do all day, so talking to Sarah helped pass the time. I would wake up at 9 AM (which is 6 PM in San Diego, where Sarah lived) and pretty much talk to them until noon, when they went to sleep. Then, some days at night (morning in San Diego), before I would go to sleep, we would talk. At this point, after just a few weeks, Sarah was the very first best friend I ever had. I never really talked to anyone else this much before. When I flew back to the US, we talked every day for even longer because there wasn't a time zone difference.

Eventually, the summer came to an end and Sarah and I started high school. Throughout freshman year, we started talking less because we were busy with schoolwork, but I don't think there were very many days when I didn't think about them. They were still the best friend I ever had. Sophomore year and junior year went by, and by the time junior year hit, we had started to talk only once every few months. So by the end of junior year in June, I probably hadn't heard from them since January or earlier.

Near the end of junior year, they had randomly hit me up and asked which colleges I was applying to, which school was my dream school, etc. At some point shortly after (the day was June 7, 2013), I got nostalgic, and looked at our past Facebook messages. I reread every single message (which took me hours), and I realized there was one message that I hadn't really paid attention to before, where they had copied and pasted an excerpt from their blog. I was curious, so I googled the excerpt, and what I found was horrifying.

It started off like a regular blog with monthly posts about life in general, but slowly it turned into posts about them watching their weight, eating less, and eventually forcing themselves to throw up. They were posting about how they were eating less than 100 Calories a day, and how they constantly felt not good enough. Then, the posts turned into contemplating suicide, and eventually, there was one post about how they attempted suicide.

I had started reading the blog at around midnight, and by the time I was finished, it was 3 AM. I was extremely nervous, and I felt horrible, as if I had betrayed their trust by reading their secrets. I was also extremely surprised that someone I (still) considered to be my best friend could have so many horrible experiences without me knowing. I wrote an extremely long message to them about how I read their blog and was sorry, and how I hope they were doing okay mentally now. I felt like they wouldn't want to talk to me ever again. Then, I sent the message over at 3 in the morning and went to sleep.

The next morning, I was still feeling pretty sad about the entire thing, but they actually didn't seem to mind me reading everything about them. At this point, I was still very nervous about their mental health, but all the blog posts were dated a year back, so I actually was worrying about a lot less than I thought. We also started talking every day again, just like the summer before freshman year. I learned about their high school boyfriend, Josh. I was slightly jealous. But I didn't mind too much because I enjoyed being their friend.

At some point, they broke up with Josh because they were in love with their best friend Grant, who had moved away. The summer before senior year of college, they got over Grant (which had taken several months). That summer, they were spending a lot of time with Cole, who I knew had a crush on Sarah. Sarah would talk to Cole about Me a lot, and they would talk to me about Cole a lot too. Sarah would tell me about how they would fool around, and every time, it stung a little. To me, it always seemed like Sarah and Cole were about to start dating, but they never did.

One night, when they were both blackout drunk, they slept together, and Sarah told me about it a week later. But it turns out Cole wasn't blackout drunk, and he remembered there was some point when Sarah had said my name while they were having sex. Sarah had no recollection of it at all, but at that point had decided that they really loved me, and they told me. It wasn't super weird because we had told each other we loved each other tons of times before, but this time it was them hinting at me to ask them out. Unfortunately, I'm bad at picking up on signals so it took me multiple months to figure it out. I think at some point they literally said to me  "you should ask me out."

In that time, we were basically in a long distance relationship. They had stopped fooling around with Cole, so they were basically sitting there waiting for me to ask them out. And I had no other friends and was not popular at school, so there was absolutely no way I was going to do anything with other people. So we were basically in an unofficial exclusive relationship. Eventually (September 24, 2014), I asked them out, and we were officially dating.

Senior year was a pretty good year. I don't know how I had time for everything, but I would play multiple hours of League every day with Hunter, my friend from school, as well as talk to Sarah for multiple hours every day. Sometimes all three of us would play League together, but Hunter would always get really mad when he played League, so eventually Sarah stopped wanting to play with him. But he was a nice guy whenever he wasn't playing League, so we were all still friends. Sarah always told me how much they missed me and how much being long distance sucked. Missed is a weird word, since we hadn't actually seen each other since CTY, but I knew what they meant. I missed them too.

For winter break, I went to visit Sarah in San Diego, and we spent a week together doing things people in long distance relationships can't do. I went on my first date ever, and went to my first ever first, second, third, and fourth base. All within a week. But it didn't feel weird or too fast or anything because I had known them and been best friends with them for more than three years at this point.

After that, the second half of senior year went pretty much the same as the first half. We would talk every day about everything, and life was good. But seemed like after my visit to San Diego, they would complain about being in a long distance relationship more often than usual.

In March, I found out that I got into Caltech, and my family was very proud of me, but I felt like I wanted to go to school near Sarah. Everybody (including Sarah) eventually convinced me to just go to Caltech, so I accepted the offer when Sarah still hadn't heard back from their schools yet. Their grades were better than mine, and they had better SAT scores, so I wasn't worried. After they had gotten all their acceptance letters, they were eventually considering between UCLA (because it was close to me) and CMU. So they visited both schools and decided they would go to CMU in Pittsburgh, since that was the campus they were most excited about. It wasn't the best feeling, but I was honestly very happy that they were excited to go to school.

Also, some time in August, when Sarah and I were basically dating (or maybe this was still when they and Cole were pseudo-dating), I asked Sarah to Senior prom, which was in May. So this was the third time I would see them in person (second time after we were actually friends), which is honestly really weird because at this point, we were basically as close as two people could be.

So Sarah came to visit me for senior prom, and they stayed at my house for a few weeks beforehand. At this point, they had told me that they wanted to break up before we went to college, so I was trying to make the most of it while I still could. (Side note: It turns out they were saying that not because they actually wanted to break up, but because they wanted me to reassure them that we would still be together. But I didn't know that.)

It wasn't too bad, though, because we had already planned for them to visit again for my birthday in July. So after they left in May, we waited like 2 months, and then they came back again. For my birthday, Sarah chose my guest list. It was my family, Hunter, Aaron (my friend since elementary school), Katherine, Katheline (two of my classmates that Sarah had come to be friends with), and Allison (Katherine's best friend, and a girl I had a crush on from elementary school through early high school). Sarah put Allison on the list, even though (maybe because?) they knew I had previously had a crush on her. I still to this day don't know why Sarah asked Allison to be at the party.

Eventually, Sarah's visit came to an end. When they left, all I could think of is how I know they would break up with me within a few weeks. I think I was the saddest I had ever been, because this would possibly be the last time I ever see them.

After Sarah went home, I was basically in the mindset that Sarah and I wouldn't be dating for much longer, so I basically went and flirted with Allison for a few hours over text. I don't know why I did it. I'm not proud of it. (At this point, I still didn't know Sarah didn't actually want to break up.) When I eventually told Sarah about what I did with Allison, they got extremely upset, and broke up with me (July 30, 2015).

Even after we broke up, we didn't stop talking every day. We still talked for multiple hours every day "as friends." Sarah was still my best friend, and I suppose I was still theirs.

But eventually, they started school at CMU. Sarah had always been very socially active, going to parties, drinking, being the wild child. But when they did it this time, every time they told me about all the adventures they went on, it hurt a lot more than before. It seemed like they were rebuilding their life without me.

I started at Caltech about a month after they started at CMU, and during frosh camp, I remember when we were texting, and they told me they missed me a lot, and they told me about how they didn't like anyone at CMU as much as they liked me. They asked me to marry them. This was about the 5th time one of us asked the other one to marry them. The other person always said yes. This time though, I was hurt, so I said no. And I regretted it pretty much immediately. They went quiet for slightly longer than the usual text message. So I took back what I said, and I said I would marry them. But it was too late. They didn't want me to "just say that" just to make them feel better. This is when we started drifting apart.

At some point after term started, they asked me out, because they said they missed me a lot. Even though I knew they couldn't handle the long distance, I said yes. Then, two days later, they broke up with me. But I didn't actually realize it because they weren't extremely clear. And also because I have absolutely no ability to read signals unless they are screaming in my face. We kept talking for a few weeks. I thought we were dating. They thought we weren't. Then, two weeks later, we had a talk about how we should stop talking every day and being so friendly with each other. This is the point I thought we were breaking up. Right then, I was okay with it because I saw it coming. I knew they weren't good at long distance and would break up with me eventually.

The next day, Sarah started dating someone named Nate. This, I was not okay with. You don't just start dating someone right away, there's build up. And in this case, I thought that had happened while we were still dating.

I eventually started searching for something to replace Sarah, the biggest part of my life. I found Amy. We started dating. But to me, through no fault of her own, Amy wasn't the best replacement. How do you even replace someone's best friend of 4 years? But when I was with Amy, I often found myself thinking of Sarah. She knew pretty much everything about Sarah, including how we still talked a lot. I felt really bad about it, and I could tell she was often frustrated. She knew about Sarah, and would see me texting them and interacting with them (less than every day, but it was still a nontrivial amount). It was honestly very insensitive for me to still be talking to Sarah and also dating Amy. At the time, I didn't really think about Amy's feelings very much. My relationship with Amy was never stable, and we broke up and got back together multiple times. Every time we broke up was because of something to do with Sarah.

Sarah and I stopped talking shortly after I started dating Amy the first time. It was definitely an unnatural break. I had to force myself to never contact them. I was still very very mad about Nate. Slowly, I started getting less and less mad at them. Some time during smore year, Sarah contacted me on League and said they wanted to talk. They seemed extremely sad, so I was willing to talk to them, even though I was still slightly mad. I honestly couldn't keep myself mad at them.

I was like 80% over Sarah, and we were slowly becoming best friends again. Eventually, we got the ball rolling once again, and were talking for hours every day. They broke up with Nate at the beginning of smore year (before they reached out to me). Then, they started dating someone named Charles Li (who goes by Chuck) at the end of smore year. Sarah and I talked a lot over the following summer. Amy and I were dating, and Amy didn't like me talking to Sarah so much, so I cut off ties with them in mid-summer.

But then, junior year came around, and Sarah contacted me again. Once again, Sarah and I started talking more. I was still dating Amy. As Sarah and I started talking more, Amy grew more and more upset. Eventually, I broke up with Amy for the last time. I knew we wouldn't work. Sarah's a huge part of my life, and I didn't think I would be able to give them up completely. But if I wanted to be with Amy, I knew I would have to.

Sarah and I stayed friends all throughout junior year. They talked to me about their relationships with Nate and Chuck. Multiple relationships. With each of them. So it turns out that Sarah had dated Nate, then broke up and met Chuck. Then, they got sick of Chuck, missed Nate, so they broke up with Chuck and dated Nate again. But then, they started missing Chuck, so they broke up with Nate and got together with Chuck. This happened like 3 more times. So the entire order was Nate, Chuck, Nate, Chuck, Nate, Chuck. Every time they broke up with Nate, it was because they thought he was too childish and irresponsible. Every time he broke up with Chuck, it was because he was too clingy. For some reason, I always supported Sarah's relationship, no matter which one it was with.

After the last instance of Nate and before the last instance of Chuck, and when we were best friends yet again, Sarah came to visit me at Caltech. I invited them to dress dinner 6 separate times throughout my first three years at Caltech, but they were always busy. So at some point, I invited them over to Caltech without dress dinner, since they were in San Diego for winter break. I thought they were still dating Nate, but it turns out they broke up just a few days before their visit. We had a good time. We went shopping at Westfield for a new jacket for me (since my old one was falling apart), and we eventually decided on a black one with white highlights. Then, Sarah had dinner with Dabney and seemed to enjoy the dinner antics. After dinner, we just talked in my room for a few hours. The entire time, I was thinking about kissing them. And I could feel that they were expecting me to. But once again, since I am extremely awkward, I didn't.

At some point, they decided it was time to leave. So I walked them to their car, and we hugged. And right after we hugged, we kissed. It felt completely different from how I remembered. It was like a third first kiss.

After Sarah left, we were best friends through the rest of the year and the summer. They got back together with Chuck, and I supported them. Over the summer, we planned for me to visit them at CMU, since they visited me at Caltech. So after the summer, in September, I flew over to Pittsburgh to visit them for a week.

At the beginning, Sarah was super excited to have me over. We went out Monday night drinking (my first time legally). Tuesday night, we went to a birthday party for one of Sarah's sorority sisters. I had like two drinks there. Wednesday night, I had my first edible. I honestly don't think it had any effect on me, but maybe it did. Then, we did shots and went to a frat party. This frat party was the point that I started noticing that Sarah was less enthusiastic about me being there. The entire time before this, they would always be excited to do anything with me. After the frat party, though, they just seemed to be perpetually slightly annoyed with me. Then, the rest of the week after Wednesday was painfully slow. I felt like I couldn't talk to Sarah because I felt like they would just get annoyed with me. They also had a ton of work, so just I hung out with Chuck a lot, and we played a lot of games together.

On the last night of my stay there, Sarah and I were supposed to wake up at 6 AM so they could drive me to the airport to catch my flight at 7:30. I was sleeping in their bed, and they were staying with Chuck. So they said good night and left. I couldn't sleep very well, so I was awake at 4. At 6, they didn't come to find me, so I texted them. No response. They were still asleep. It turned to 6:30, and I still had my clothes in their laundry, so I fetched the laundry. Then, it was 6:45, and they still hadn't said anything, so I just decided to call an Uber to take me to the airport. I never saw them again.

A few days later, they still hadn't said anything to me. It was the middle of my last rotation. I had a link to their blog that was still being updated semi-frequently, so I checked it. The last one was one about me. It's also probably the last think they'll say that I'll hear.

I don't remember exactly what the post said, but I do remember it started with "So Charles came to visit. Turns out I hate him." And then they went on describing how much they hated me. To this day, I still don't know what made them say that. It was definitely something I did while I was in Pittsburgh, but I just can't figure out what. After a few hours of thinking about it, I wrote a long message saying that I didn't want to be friends anymore. Then, I sent it.
